You've gone all day. Don't you know that I missed you, baby?
I was out and about all day and I had to see you here?
Are you alright? Or you have a new house rule of prohibiting exercise in the evening?
Yeah.
Wait? Are you mad at me?
You seem to be mad at me a lot lately.
Nothing.
Wait. I think there's something for sure.
Normally when I messed with you like this, you'd talk back to me.
But you seem to be quieter for several days now.
Are you mad at me?
You act like this because of what happened the other day?
Wait. I think there's something for sure.
Nope.
Wait.
Why did you avoid me?
Who avoided you? I live my life normally I just didn't see you quite often.
Why do I feel like you avoid me both at home and at work?
You're overthinking it.
Wait.
Where're you off too, naughty dog.
What's wrong with him? I don't want to mess with him anymore.
Why does my heart keep beating like this?
Calm down.
Remember, this love is impossible.
I need to stay away from him.
What should I do?
I need to hear the briefing at Suttirak's office again.
How can I control myself if I have to be alone with him?
What if he's questioning about me? What should I tell him?
What're you thinking?
Stop it. Right now.
Do I look dewy enough?
Dewy enough. If you want it to be more dewy, then you need to layer your face with oil.
Your turn.
Nothing. / It's not nothing. I saw you keep turning your head around.
It looks like dogs about to cross a road.
You can tell me.
It's nothing.
If it's nothing, then you should go and receive the briefing from Suttirak.
If you're slow and get spanked, I can't help you with that.
Can any of you do it for me?
Nope / Nope.
Please / I have a date with Pom. You know how important the first date is.
You know I can't be late.
And I have one month anniversary celebration with my boyfriend. It's an anniversary of him being a good boy.
If I go home late, he's gonna go out for sure.
It's five to 5 p.m. Let's go.
It's just a briefing. It'd take only 10 minutes.
Please, do it for me.
What's wrong with you?
Normally when he called you to this, you can do it by yourself.
What's the matter with you today? Why you need us to cover for you?
I..I have a headache. Please, do it for me.
Wait! Diao!
What's wrong with him?
Did he have a fight with Suttirak?
I know. Normally, he'd be glad to join the briefing so he could talk back to him.
There must be something / There must be something
How long do I have to avoid him?
Why do I have to like him this much?
Diao!
Where are you?
Hey!
So you're home.
I knocked on your door earlier, why didn't you open the door for me?
Crap! I forgot to lock my back door.
I was just coming down the stairs.
Decha and Kanomthai said that you're sick.
How're you?
Your body temperature is normal.
I don't have a fever. I…My stomach hurts.
Did you take anything? You need to see a doctor?
It's okay. I should lie down for a bit and I'll get better.
You can go now.
Wait.
What's going on with you?
Why do I feel like you're avoiding me?
He asked me this again.
I'm fine. I told you I have a stomachache.
I'm gonna go get some rest.
But you said you just came down the stairs.
I needed to get some water and I'd go right back.
Wait a second.
I think you should go see a doctor. I'll take you.
Let's go.
You don't have to.
Come on, don't be stubborn.
You don't have to live up to your name.
Let's go, naughty little boy.
Go.
You really don't have to take me to the doctor. It's really nothing.
If you could diagnose yourself, then we wouldn't need any doctors anymore.
Don't be too stubborn. Let's go.
If you resist, I'm gonna carry you to the doctor.
Rak!
Toon!
Long time no see. I need to recharge.
How did you get here?
That's too formal.
I haven't seen you for a long time,
you should have asked me how I am, or said that you missed me.
Something like this.
Toon, this is Diao. He's the house owner.
This is Toon, my friend.
I was more than his friend.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
Diao said that he had a stomachache. I'm about to take him to see the doctor.
You can come back later.
Let's get going.
Rak!
It's you! I bought you some snacks.
You said that you like it.
Thank you / Wait
You have a guest, I'm sorry.
Who's she?
Her name is Toon, Rak's ex.
Hello, I'm Dao. I'm the landlady.
Hello, so you and Diao are husband and wife?
You must be joking. Because if you're not, you're about to be beaten.
I'm his sister.
I see.
Diao said that he had a stomachache earlier.
Can you take him to see a doctor?
Rak and I have a lot to catch up.
You should go taking care of your guest. Don't worry about Diao. I'll take care of him.
Thank you.
Which one is yours?
Over there.
Thank you again / Sure.
Let's get inside. I haven't seen you for so long. I missed you so much.
Let's go. Your stomach hurt, right?
I'm fine now.
Did you really have a stomachache? Or did you just want to mess with Rak?
I was just messing with him.
I forgot to give him this.
Hello, Jum? You're back?
I went to see you earlier but you weren't there so I came back home first.
Alright, I'll go now.
Okay. Bye.
Can you bring this to Rak? I'm gonna go have a chat with Jum.
If I went to give him this, would he think that I was jealous of him?
Nope. I don't even to go but Dao asked me to.
But if I went inside, he'd think that I was a jealous type.
Here's some water.
I don't want it. I want to recharge.
Dao asked me to give this to you.
Wait a second.
Thank you.
You should have come a little bit closer,
so he wouldn't have to walk to you and I could get more of this.
Dao didn't take you to see a doctor?
I feel better now. No need to see a doctor.
How often do you have stomachache?
Not too often.
But I think you should go see a doctor, in case you're suffering from dyspepsia.
Can we discuss about Diao later?
He's living across from here, isn't he?
But I live so far away. You should pay attention to me.
It means that she wants me to go.
What should I do to keep staying here?
But why do I have to stay?
I want to be away from him.
I need to go. I need to go.
But if I leave, then they're gonna be alone.
What should I do?
Diao? Diao?
I think it's not your stomach that gets hurt, it should be your brain.
You should go to see a doctor and have it checked.
Toon!
I was being so blunt. You should know about it by now
that I want to be alone with him.
What do you want?
Nothing.
Good, then please.
Okay.
Please, can I recharge for more? I need more.
Are they gonna do anything?
She seems to be flirty. Can he resist her?
Why do I care about him? I should control myself.
Stop thinking about him right now. Stop it!
Do you think Rak's house is too quiet?
His ex returns like this? Do you think they're gonna repeat their history?
It's none of your business.
It's not. I just want you to feel like you should have a girlfriend too.
Think about it. If Rak had a girlfriend before you,
and he brought a girlfriend here just to mock you. Would you accept that challenge?
Here's iced chocolate from Uncle Jod's café.
You should have some so you could feel better.
What do you want?
You said that you had a headache so I canceled my date just to see you here.
Stop lying already. You're here because your boyfriend went out tonight.
So did you. Pom canceled your date so you crawled right back to your friends.
Stop fighting already.
You both are liars.
Get out of my way.
I'm gonna invite you to Move On Bar.
So I can tell you about Rak's briefing. Let's go.
Dao, do you want to join us?
Get out of my way. I'm not talking to you.
I'm gonnn join online prayer session with my new boyfriend.
He's a religious person.
Bless you.
Your sister's gone to the angel side, you should join the dark side instead.
This is called Yin-Yang, the way of balance.
Let's go / Change your shoes.
Hello, Suttirak.
Hi.
Who's this bitch?
Her name's Toon, she's Rak's ex.
I see. She's the one that Rak refused to pick up her call earlier.
They're staring at me devilishly. Would they fight with me?
Hello.
Hi, I'm Daisy. This is Kanom.
It's Kanomthai.
We work for Suttirak.
It's nice to meet you, Daisy, Kanomthai.
Please don't look at me like that ever again. I thought you two were gonna slap me.
My name's Toon. I'm Rak's ex girlfriend.
Excuse me. Let's go.
Wait.
What is it?
Why did I call him? It's none of my business about his whereabout.
What's going on?
Nothing. I was just gonna say that please don't come home late. I'm gonna go to bed early.
And I'll shut the gate.
Don't worry about me. I have a key.
That's right.
Excuse me.
You think so? / I think so.
Wow!
Hello, mister. Who're you with tonight? You wanna buy us more drinks?
Stop pretending to be drunk.
It's because of you. You refuse to go to the club with us.
So I have to fake it.
That's right. Why didn't you go there and stay here at the old place instead?
It's hurt to hear the word old.
I'm sorry.
Are you hoping to see someone?
Nothing.
You two said that you're gonna brief me about the project.
How could we hear anything if we go to the club?
Let's hang out here, right?
Well, how could I say something else.
Are you waiting for someone?
Nope.
He said he didn't wait for anyone so stop asking questions already.
Hello, Diao. Hello, Uncle Jod / Hello.
Where are you going?
Somewhere only I know / What?
It's my friend's place. Somewhere I want to go.
The teacher told ทำ to work with my classmates for extra credits.
I see.
You failed again? You need my help?
Thank you. But I don't think you can help me with this.
I'm not failing English, but I fail social studies this time.
You're not home like this, Rak must be lonely being home alone.
I should spend the night with him.
Stop right now. You have a boyfriend already. Let it be my job.
Somebody already fulfills this position.
Who's that?
It's Toon. She just had a fight with her boyfriend so she asked to spend the night here.
Well, I think I have to go now. See you all later.
When did Toon and Rak come back home?
You've waited for them for too long.
That's right. Wait! No, I didn't
Fine / Fine !
Toon had a fight with her boyfriend and she spends the night at her ex's like this.
Are they gonna do anything?
None of our business. You and I should go to Move On already.
I'm not going. But you should go. I'm tired.
It couldn't be clearer than this. I think this is it. / I think so too.
This is not the first time that Joe did this to me.
He always chooses his friends over me.
When we were together, you didn't have time for me.
But at least you spent your time focusing on your career and for our future.
Joe is different. He chooses his happiness, like his friends or playing games.
Where do I stand in his life?
What's wrong with her neck? She keeps leaning on him.
And he lets her do that? Push her head back.
I think you should calm down.
When you both calm down, maybe you could talk about it.
It won't happen. Joe kicked me out like that.
I'm so lucky to have you.
Thank you for letting me stay. I really have nowhere to go.
There're hotels. You can't think of that?
And you let anyone stay? Don't you feel bad for the owner?
But he can do that.
I think you should stay at your mother's.
I feel bad about this.
So he thinks about me.
I don't want my mom to worry about me.
Can I stay here? It's for one night. I have something to do tomorrow and it's around here.
Please.
I really don't want to stay in a hotel.
If you feel bad about it, I could sleep on a couch in front of your house.
You don't have to.
You can stay here.
Thank you.
You're so soft just like that? You can't keep up with her trick.
I'll be right back.
You should take a shower so you could feel better.
You can wear my clothes. Just pick whatever you like from my closet.
Thank you so much. You're my safe person.
You've never changed.
Thank you so much .
Which one? / This one.
Hello, mom? I'll call you back.
Is it good reception here?
You sneaked out to have a call here.
That's right. You should try.
Or were you eavesdropping on me and Toon earlier?
What eavesdropping? I'm about to scold you.
You let the stranger stay at the house and you didn't even let me know.
I'm sorry. She just broke up with her boyfriend.
So she asked to spend a night here.
I didn't have a chance to ask you first.
Can I let her stay here for one night?
She just broke up with her boyfriend and you took her to spend a night here.
Don't you think others would see you as the third party?
Are you worried about your home or me?
My home, duh?
What if Toon's boyfriend knows that she's here and he follows her here?
My home would be in trouble.
Don't you worry. I'm not gonna let it trouble you.
Toon just asked to spend a night and she'll leave tomorrow morning.
To make you feel better, I just want to tell you that Toon and I sleep in separate rooms.
She stays in Rit's room and I stay in mine.
Why did you tell me this? It's none of my business if you're sleeping on the floor, on the couch or in the kitchen.
Sure.
Be careful of what you do.
If Toon went back to her boyfriend, you're the one who'd be sorry.
Thank you for caring about me.
I didn't care about you. I just don't want you to feel useless.
Wait, I let them alone in there? Will Suttirak survive the night?
Toon seems to be a flirty type.
What if he couldn't survive the night, who am I to get in their way?
I'm nothing to him.
Stop thinking about this and go to bed already.
See? Toon is about to take advantage of him.
What should I do? If I let her do this, he won't be survived for sure.
Get out of here!
What happened?
I…I was out here to get my clothes and then I saw snake.
So I smacked these to scare it.
What clothes? I don't see any.
It's because of Dao! She kept the clothes inside and didn't tell me. I thought she didn't do it.
Sorry for waking you up.
I'm not asleep.
You're not? What're you doing then?
We were about to do something but we heard someone hitting something so we didn't start.
Toon!
I was just kidding.
Toon came to my room and asked for charger cord.
I was overthinking about this?
Let's go back to bed. I'm tired.
But before going to bed, can I be recharged?
Did you know that Rak's shoulders are the best place for my recharge.
When I'm upset about something and I lean on his shoulders, I suddenly feel better.
Let's go back to bed. I'm tired.
But I need to lean on your shoulder for a little bit longer so I could get a good night sleep
You go ahead. I need to talk to Diao for a while.
Fine, but hurry back. I'm gonna wait for you in bed.
Good night.
She likes to make jokes like this.
Don't take it seriously.
Don't say that you're a jealous type.
Nope. I just don't want to see Toon's boyfriend come here to fight with you.
I see, you're not jealous but you're worried about me.
Wait.
Good night, baby.
Damn it. He makes my heart skips a beat again.
Can Rak keep up with her trick?
Stop thinking about him already. Go to bed.
Toon!
You shouldn't have cracked a joke in front of Diao like that.
He could misunderstand the whole thing.
You're caring about him too much. Do you have a crush on him?
I didn't have a feeling for you anymore. But I've observed his reaction and I think he's jealous.
It's nothing like that. He's just worried about his house.
When there's a stranger coming to his house, he often comes to check like this.
Don't pretend to be innocent . Even I know what it is, you could see this too.
So, do you have a crush on him or not?
What? / What?
Fine, I'm not nagging you about this anymore. Will you be lonely tonight?
If so, I could keep you company.
Toon!
I was just kidding. I know that we can be just friends.
I'm back but not to get you back.
My heart was just broken and I can't move on that fast.
I'm not that easy.
Or should I start to be easy from now?
Hey!
It's just fun teasing on you.
But I don't think that I'm wrong about Diao.
If he's still mad at you tomorrow, then I think he's jealous.
Where's my charger? / It's here.
Sweet dream / Sweet dream.
Welcome.
What is it? Why did you call me?
Please have a seat.
I can stand up.
What do you want?
I just missed you so I wanted to see your face.
Wait. Please sit down.
Toon's gone.
Why did you tell me this?
In case you want to know.
Why would I want to know?
You didn't want to know? But you kept spying on me several times.
I didn't spy on you.
Fine. You didn't spy on me.
Did you really scare the snake last night? By hitting washing bowls?
That's right. You think I chased off something else?
What if Toon wanted to get back to me?
What do you think?
You couldn't think of this by yourself?
She was just breaking up with her boyfriend for one day and now she wanted to get back to you the next day?
Is this the kind of girl you want to date?
Thank you for this.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what you think of me.
I have a crush on you too.